Mr. Lin
You are indeed the successor I personally selected
Well done this time
I am very pleased.
Put the Senluo Hall in your hands
I feel at ease
Master really wants to retire
You know it.
The war three years ago
Qinghe's father passed away tragically
I also suffered serious internal injuries
In the past three years
Although I have been carefully conditioning
And it didn't quite work.
But I grew this year
As short as a few months
I don't have much time left.
You don't tell me to let them
Just let me leave with dignity
Master, where are you?
Doctor Hua is with me
I'll bring him to you right away
No, I've run out of oil.
Fire God Doctor is also helpless
I know about Qinghe's father's death
It affects you a lot.
Make you tired of the life of fighting and killing
I don't want to pick up Chang Senluo Hall
But I got to tell you something.
Country in trouble
Everyone is responsible
With your ability, you shouldn't be indifferent to things
Defend the country
It is your unshirkable responsibility and mission
Master, don't worry.
With me Mulinlong
Never let the deduction enter our country
mess me up
So you are willing to take over the Changsenluo Temple?
I would like to not regret it.
Serve the country with heart
Die without regrets